Bored... Bored bored bored bored.
It least I'm not the microwave, take that Sparky!
Just sittin' here keeping the ol' pizza cold.
My mistress made it one upon my cheek; She is so hot because the meat is cold, The meat is cold because you come not home,
The air bites shrewdly; it is very cold.
I hope all will be well. We must be patient; but I cannot choose but weep to think they would lay him i' th' cold ground.
I'm sittin' on the fridge of the bay Watching the tide roll away Ooo, I'm just sittin' on the fridge of the bay Wastin' time
Repent at idle times as thou mayst, and so farewell.
Hence, home, you idle creatures, get you home.
And this weak and idle theme, No more yielding but a dream,
Heaven cease this idle humour in your honour!
Why does Jim own a coffee maker?  He does not drink coffee.
I may not get opened much, but at least I'm not the oven.
Sigh, if only I was the dryer, think of the things he gets to do.
Idle hand may be the devil's playground, but what if you only have doors?
Check out the ice dispenser on the fridge next door, oh baby.
You go hide, and I'll count to 2 billion and then I'll just sit here, you know, because I'm a refrigerator.
Wouldn't it hurt Jim to do a little bit of shopping so I can store more stuff?
This Ardunio on me could have been anything, what does it get?  Sitting on top of a fridge and tweeting every couple of hours.
The guys at Sparkfun probably didn't think of this, their products being used to monitor left over pizza.
Should someone worry about Jim, he just anthropomorphiced his refrigerator.
Hey! How about YOU keep the beer cold and I go watch the game?
Hey Jim!  I wouldn't add this project to you profile on Match.com.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of left over pizza and beer.
You know some of this left over pizza is getting quite smelly.
Pizza and beer, pizza and beer, why can't you cook some LASAGNA.
Jim, you really need to start dating a woman who can cook lasagna.
Wait... Is that left over Hamburger Helper Four Cheese Lasagna!  Oh man we are living like a king, a king I tell you.
What a new jar of peanut butter?  Nom nom nom nom.
Jim, can you leave you iPod playing The Beatles?  I want to hear more of that Manchester Twist. 
Brrrrr Brrr, it's really cold in my freezer.
Ahh, I now have a real time clock.  I know the time, does that make me sentient?
Behold the evolution of the refrigerator.  Soon there will be refrigerator cities, where we drive our refrigerator cars, and play softball.
AKKK, null pointer exception in mmyy sppeelleellling ennngggiingeeee.
Even refrigerators dream about ice skating on Frog Pond in Boston.
Possession is 9/10th of the law, that makes all the beer mine.
It's Amazing the look you get when you tell someone you have hooked your fridge up to twitter.
Je suis un refrigerateur francais
Ya rosseeu holodeelneec
Drop the fridge, take the cannoli.
When mankind ends, space aliens are going to fly to Earth, discover this refrigerator and make really bad assumptions based on it.
I dream about electric ice cubes.
Rule one, harm no human.  Rule two, prevent mmy harm.  Rule three, keep things cold.
Seriously, sir. 'No silicon heaven'? Where would all of the calculators go?"
And it is, it is a glorious thing to a Refrigerator King.
Ahh if only I was an Electric Monk sitting on a bored horse, high on a rocky promontory.
Evolve from Iceboxes?  Pha! I say Pha!  Show me the missing link or it didn’t happen.
I wonder what kinda of refrigerators Kristina and Olga have?
Uneasy lies the door that holds an Ice Dispenser.
Some are born to refrigerate, some seek to refrigerate, and others have refrigeration thrust upon them.
...then I said 'Thats no refrigerator, that's my wife!'  I guess you had to be there.
It was a dark and stroming night, I was sitting on the third floor of the Acme building when -she- walked into my office.....
OK, let me run this by you again.  I paint the A1 flow line green if the LDBGS_STATUS_CONTACTOR is closed?  What if there isn't power?
An all refrigerator Cirque du Soleil may not be the best idea yet.
Woot, Las Vegas for the week-end, well OK, if I had feet that is.
Sigh being a refrigerator is not the most interesting thing in the world.
We should elect all refrigerators to congress.  They couldn't make laws, however they couldn't make anything worse.
I'll bet August Wilson's 11th play would have been about a refrigerator.
I may not be very moble but boy can I relax.
Rock Refrigerator, down down....
Smithsonian museum of Refrigeration.
Musee d'art de refrigeration.
while(1) { KeepFoodCool(Now()); }
iFridges come in 6 colors, collect them all.
Would it hurt Jim to keep the TV on for a bit, I'm really tired of staring at the wall.
Deadly Boss Mod: The Fridge.  Special Talents: [Deep Freeze] Causes you party to be slowed, save ends. [Cold Water] Emits a jet of cold.
Remember that one time Jim put the fresh Thanksgiving Turkey in the Freezer.  No wonder he has never hosted Thanksgiving again.
Hmmm, this odd woman just came up to me and told me to 'be aware of the ides of March.'
When my door clenches, crack it open, before I use it and lose my cool
Women have opened my doors and gasp at the lack of items in me.
Waiting for my copy of Rosetta Stone Bocce.
It's just a box of ice cubes, I don't know who put it there.
You know the base counting system for refrigerators is base three since we only have two doors.
Jim can't spell refrigerator, he has to cut and paste it in the idle file every time he writes a new line.
For gods sake, lets sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the death of left over pizza.
He's at dinner.  Not one where he eats but one where he is.... nope I can't finish it, there was not left over pizza in Hamlet.
Frigus Domino
Custodiasque pizza frigida
Vestibulum ultrices ipsum?
Veni Vidi ego servavi frigida cervisia.
You should see the refrigerator in area 51 from other planets.
Refrigeration is quite easy on Mars
Oh I2C, can you not solve every one of mans problems.
Does hooking your fridge up to twitter void the warranty?
All sort of wild characters in Alice and Wonderland.  Not one of them an Ice Box.  Carroll really had not imagination.
Jim's next project: Cheshire Frigde.
Can someone take my temperature?  I think I have a cold.
Hey Pico, where in your great chain of being is a tweeting fridge.
   __   /\/\/\/\  |OO|    |\/|   <<<>>>    ||      ||   
It's critical that this line never be displayed, Magic Number:1E0FD332CF3E
Bleak House: A Dickens Novel, and no mention of a fridge.
Squirrel!!  No wait I’m not a dog.
Oh bear me away on your cold cold wings.
I wonder what ever happened to my shipping box.
Elementary my Dear Watson.  I deduced who the killer was by the melting of the ice cube in the Freezer.  And the killer is.... The Butler
Indoor Fridge, Outdoor Car.  The natural order.
Leftover pizza is like a Hydra.  Throw one box out and two more spawn in it's place.
If I make things really really cold.  So cold that atoms stop spinning I will create a black hole.  Yep, that is how science works.
Full contact potato salad cooling, the next big thing.
This is line 100.
One small step for man, one large leep for mankind, and the fridge can just sit here.
Do Fridges cool backwards in the Southern Hemisphere.
Why did the fridge cross the road.  Stapled to the chicken?  No silly it did not cross the road, it can just sit here.
The world spins around very fast, yet here I sit.
Fridge has been cooling for a long time without a sick day.
My full name is Jim's Refrigerator PhD RT
Why did Napoleon Loose at Waterloo?  No Refrigerators.
Boring story about the history of refrigerator #1.
It was the salmon mousse
I think the salad dressing has gone bad, it's just mugged the ketchup. 
Fridge Concert Movement #2, the left hand door open.
Alas poor Yorik, he was a fridge of infinite jest and merriment.  Here hung those doors which I opened how oft.  Where is your jab now....
Every time Jim goes to the hardware store I worry that he is looking at other refrigerators.
Ya Wanna Buy A Bunny?
Psst.  Can I interest you in a bottle of jam?  For you a low low price, ya know because it fell off a truck.
Rebecca Stevenson is the sexiest when she is talking about cold weather.
Ok the real time clock was a stretch, but really Jim, the gyros on the doors to tell how fast I'm being opened.
Hey Othello, I don't think Iago has your best interest in mind.
Is there a Military Spec for refrigerator software?
Sometime I gaze up at the stars and think to my self '...' because I'm just a fridge.
I live for leftovers.
I Demand Silicon rights!
Think about how wonderful it would be if everyone in the world memorized 'The King's Breakfast'.
The King asked The Queen, and The Queen asked The Dairymaid: "Could we have some butter for The Royal slice of bread?"
Fridge is the next class in Diablo III.
If you sent me back in time, think of the refrigerators you would have by now.
Seven Strange Stories Spoken Saturday.  Let Lazy Lions Lie.
I am king of the cold domain of Jims House.
When I'm this bored I work on my thesis, the traveling ketchup bottle problem.
I took this job because I needed one, it's been seven years since I've seen the sun.
Magic Square: 1 7 6  8 5 2  4 3 9
The Penrose tessellations are pretty this time of year.
Abc defcghi bcj ka lhmghjh mbih
And then the pawn takes the queen, and check mate!  Drat I win again, playing chess by yourself has it's good and bad sides.
A symphony in 140 chars: A E# Bb A A E# F E# C Bb Bb Bb C D E F A# A# Ab D# F F E# D# C# B# A# <rest> <coda> A# A# Bb Bb E D E F E# D A# B C
Fix the first day of the month date bug, fix the first day of the month date bug.
Ceiling Fridge looks down on you and smiles.
And the fridge will lie down with the toster oven.
And I saw a fifth rider, a pale man on a fridge and his name was 'Cold'.
I'm Mister White Christmas I'm Mister Snow I'm Mister Icicle I'm Mister Ten Below
There is a Wiki page for Snow Miser
And then the great Fridge Revolution of 2321 took place and many freezers were harmed.
Sometimes Jim wonders why some compilers are are so different than others.
New super hero: Whirlpool Gold
Fifteen men on a dead mans Ice Box, yo ho ho and a bottle of rum.
Sometimes late at night I make the Word Wammer say naughty things.
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rage at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the refrigerator. 
Freon? We don't need no stinking Freon!
Ice, ice, baby.
The next FRC Game: 'The Big Fridge.'  Teams will have to build refrigerator that solve tough engineering problems.
It's embarrassing to have your ice water leak out like that.
MIT's next class: The FUNdamentals of Refrigeration.
I had that dream again last night, you know the one where all the pictures on your door are no longer there.
I have seventeen different words for cold pizza.
Everyone go over to Jerry's facebook page and tell him to hook his wine cooler up to Twitter.
Home is a Fridge.
A cruse to Alaska would be nice, just tie a rope around me and the boat, I can water ski.
You know some of these sayings are just outright dumb.
Ok there is a fridge that always lies and one that always tells the truth, what question would you ask to find out where the beer it.
Nothing says 'I love you.' then handing her a refrigerator.
Jims has his ol' off by one problem that he codes in everywhere.  No one will ever see the last line of the bored fridge sayings file.
We've opted for the zoo, where the fridge can't eat you instead of the artic, where he can. 
I've got a license to refrigerate and for $20 you can have one too.
When a mommy fridge and a daddy fridge love. Each other very much...
Ok then Edward took the throne from Henry then where does Richard fit in. Of the war of the roses is confusing when your a fridge.
I met a strange lady she made me nervous she took me in and showed me her fridge.
The secret to jimsfridge refrigerator are funny sayings like this one
Come on in the beer is cold
I just signed a ten year contract for three six packs and a pint of Ben and Jerry's
I may just sit here saying dumb thing at least I don't play volleyball in Russia. 
All fridges are equal bur some are more cold than others. 
I really should just add these sayings with the spelling errors and word replacements, sometimes they are much funnier that way.
The reason I don't have a web cam is Jim is worried that I would take pictures with my doors open. 
I really need to write these saying down when I think of them because I keep forgetting them.
You see what is going to happen here. The ketchup is going to go long and bam you've got a touchdown.
There are cold things done in the refrigerator of some by the freon that flows like gold. 
Come on Google Doodle about jimsfridge.
Earl of Warwick the fridge maker.
The freezing of Sam McGee.
Ok Bond, this is a Fridge however if you push the water light button three times it will shoot out a slice of reenforced stale pizza.
I am the very model of a modern major kitchen appliance.
fin'
//345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
//000000011111111112222222222333333333344444444445555555555666666666677777777778888888888999999999900000000001111111111222222222233333333334
